Mention that automatic heap monitoring is only available on device (#356)
MicroEJ/docs: ApplicationDeveloperGuide/heapUsageMonitoring.rst

automatically by enabling heap usage monitoring.

.. note::

>    This feature is available in the Architecture versions 7.16.0 or higher and for Application deployed on hardware device (not on Simulator).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This feature is available in the Architecture versions 7.16.0 or higher for the Applications deployed on hardware devices (not on Simulator).
```
